SXSW 2010 Panel Proposal: Student Startups! Entrepreneurship in the University
Published on August 20, 2009.
I have once again proposed a panel for SXSW 2010.
Last year’s didn’t get picked, but I have a good feeling about this one.
I don’t see any other panel ideas that are too similar to it and I think it’s a neat idea.
Basically I’ll get a bunch of student entrepreneurs and have them talk about the challenges and opportunities of doing startups while still in school.
I know a few other entrepreneurs and I’m trying to enlist the help of others.
Here’s the proposal:
Description: While student startups are not a new phenomenon, universities and venture capitalists are beginning to see the advantages in supporting them.
Join a panel of student entrepreneurs in a discussion on finding funding, incorporating a company and balancing homework, work and life, all while attending school full-time.
Questions answered during the panel: How are universities starting to support student entreprenurship?
What are the legal implications of using university resources for personal business?
(copyright) How can I “double-dip” schoolwork and startup work into the same project?
What kinds of venture capital support are available specifically for student startup businesses?
Into which type of corporate structure should a student startup incorporate?
How much money do I need to get started as a student entreprenur?
How can I get my classmates to provide free labor?
What should I look out for when accepting work from non-company students?
(ownership rights) How does one achieve a healthy work/homework/life balance as a student entrepreneur?
What happens when I (and my partners) graduate?
So far, my pal Ben Congleton has said he’ll be on the panel.
Now to find a bunch of other panelists!
You can also help by voting for my panel (I should have mentioned this first) here !